Prompt Caching Changelog (#373)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-08.mdx

---
title: Changelog | August, 2024
---
## Prompt Caching Support for Anthropic

_August 22nd, 2024_

> Anthropic recently released API changes to allow for [Prompt Caching](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-caching#how-prompt-caching-works).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anthropic recently released some exciting API changes that allow for [Prompt Caching](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-caching#how-prompt-caching-works).
```

> This new feature allows for caching of content for up to 5 minutes; optimizing for processing time and costs for repetitive tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new feature allows for caching of frequently used portions of your Prompt for up to 5 minutes; which reduces the latency and cost of subsequent executions that include the same Prompt context.
```

>   and costs for repetitive tasks or consistent elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when using their API. This new feature allows for caching of content for up to 5 minutes; optimizing for processing time
and costs for repetitive tasks or consistent elements.
```

[nit] some weird spacing - I think we have a formatter for our mdx files too

Author: oh perfect, let me see if I can find it

> This powerful feature is now integrated with Vellum! In order to use, simply toggle the new cache options on the prompt blocks for the supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This powerful feature is now natively supported within Vellum! In order to use it, simply toggle the new cache options on a given Prompt Block for the supported
```

>  This powerful feature is now integrated with Vellum! In order to use, simply toggle the new cache options for the supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 This powerful feature is now integrated with Vellum! In order to use, simply toggle the new cache options on prompt blocks for the supported
```

 Claude Sonnet 3.5 and Claude Haiku 3.0 models.

> ![Vellum Prompt Caching](https://storage.googleapis.com/vellum-public/help-docs/changelogs/2024-08/prompt_sandbox_cache.png)

Reviewer 2: [nit] I would either:
- [better] reduce the window of the screenshot so that the cache checkbox is more prominent
- [best] annotate the image with a circle+arrow around the new features since the page is busy

Author: 🫡  on it
